My lifestory: I'm a failure and its all my fault. Seeking Guidence
[Remorse]

Yeah its one of those long stories where someone lists their tradgeti I blame my actions for my problems  I fall into these cycles of self destruction and I want to stop them but dont know how. I'm a reasonably intellegent 35 year old adult who is so emotionally sha   My pride, ego, anxiety, and lack of socialization One thing I really hate about myself is how ungenuine I am, but theres too much I hate about myself for me to be honest have and I'm here to look for support and guidence. Thank you all who read it.


My Parents:
Since Parents 
My mom was kicked out of the house at 14,  so from the time of 15-16 she lived on her own and worked her way in the world, hanging out with the  also there was  My father   We moved from place to place yearly on average, sometimes staying with my moms parents when we had no place to go, as I kid I was used to it, living in boxes and moving, to this day I've never lived in one place for longer than 3 years.  

Dad:


Other 'dads':





From Homeless to Young Professional:

So I started working   One of my friends was kind enough to let me sleep on his couch.



Mental Disorders:

AspergersSometimes I think I may have low key Aspergers because my social skills are that bad, but I have 
Avoidant Personality Disorder
General Depression: Many Many Many days I have spent in bed barely moving, just watching TV, this has been true since early childhood, it comes and goes in waves.
Social Anxiety:  Around, 
ADHD


Cleanliness

Finances
I live in a city with a small fenced front yard. I leave the front door open so my large dog can go in and out as she pleases. My dog is  Happily killed several mice/rats, unfortunatly a couple small birds.  So it wasn't too surprising when she walked in with what I thought was   Clearly dead but on closer   bad dog, okay its deafinatly dead there was pee and blood on the floor, back in the trash, and  . Well in the morning, the dog is going crazy wanting to go outside, but I can hear a little rustle... can it be? Open the trash, and out pops a curious head, slam it shut. Well I'll be.  So I lock the dog inside and carefully open the trash again, this time the little guy is laying defeated at the bottom of the trash, looking absolutely terrible, with matted fur and everything looking bent out of shape.  I really didn't think it was going to be able to survive, but i took the bag out of the trash and layed it down on the ground, the opposum just layed there, i  but after a couple minutes it amazingly slowly got up and walked right under the house.  Well that was not ideal but it was safe, so I left some water and dog food under the house as an apology 